Bianca, what is a circle with a miracast. Have you ever wondered what the media and big Tech is hiding from you, like, massive stories that actually affect you in your life that they don't want you to see because they make the left in the body Administration, look bad, when I was the podcast dedicated to exposing all of that each and every day. So, download the fastest-growing podcast in the conservative movement, the Ben Ferguson Show podcast right now. That's right. You can listen to Ben Ferguson Show podcast on iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcast. Download it right now, welcome of that clay, Travis and Buck Sexton Show podcast.Help us set a new record. In December, as we roll into a new month. Everybody gets ready for the holiday season. Merry Christmas early on to you, or to be playing by the Christmas music sooner rather than later. I know, and not a break, get everybody in the holiday spirit guitar. Make sure you don't miss a single minute of the show. We talked with Shannon bream, right? Outside of the Supreme Court. As there has been a major case, dealing with Mississippi's attempt to restrict abortions. To those that are occurring in the first 15 weeks of a pregnancy, lots of analysis and discussion about that. Encourage you to go check out our one an hour to. But as we begin our Three Buck Sexton, we have got some breaking news, not really a surprise. It was inevitable. But we have our first Omicron case, here in the United States. It has been identified in California andIt's a breakthrough case. Buck. The person who has got the new variant. That was the first identified in South Africa. Had been doubly vaccinated. They are not in any sort of substantial health-related issue, but they have now tested positive. We have identified. The first case of what will certainly be many in the United States of this latest variant. Dr. Fauci is discussing this latest covid variant with all of the media and you're early. Read on this bucket, probably going to be somewhat similar to mine, which is the very gives the buying Administration and dr. Fauci and his stooges more opportunities to implement more restrictions, more more vaccine mandate more restrictions of all of our freedoms. That's my biggest takeaway because we don't really know that this new variant provokes or provides any more danger than in covid Howard. He had first place.How could anybody understand even out of at a very basic level, the fauci height regime in this country and what it has done this essentially? Brashear item in this house policy you, no, first as a most important America, how could anyone see this? And not think that dr. Fauci and the response that we've had is now, the norm is failure. I mean, they've said things repeatedly over and over again, that are not true here. We are being told. I mean, I actually have the official CDC. It's going to change and here's how and here's why, right? And show the CDC says they've got the first confirmed case of Omicron David. He said that in California every 15 years and older should get vaccinated against covid-19 recommended for everyone, 18 years and older that the CDC that just put that out a few minutes ago. So I have a huge vaccine push underway right now and they're telling everybody to get to get booster. Remember they're telling us to do this at a time when we've already seen the previous vaccination. Did not have the durability of protection that they said it would when it comes to infection and spread. It is good. If it keeps saying us otherwise in a Media Matters with clipped ears and that which is obviously very important. But if you're 25, you're not concerned about hospitalizations and deaths from covid. You should not be surely not if your 5 or 10. Yes. And so why is getting all the kids vaccinated a reasonable thing to do under the circumstances? Even that their actual risk of death from covid is something like 15 hundred thousand or whatever the actual figures the latest figures, maybe, 140 kids, give or take have died from covid-19 United States. So we're just we're repeating this all over again in the part of this. And I think everyone needs to keep in mind is quite how are we not going to be? Same position next year. Yes. How is not the way it is. Every year some details. For those of you who are intrigued by this, the individual who is tested positive for Omicron was a traveler who returned from South Africa on November 22nd tested positive on November 29th. So this person has tested positive from South Africa, as we have been discussing on the show already. There was widespread potentially in many different, European country. Certainly several of them originated in South Africa. That might have just been the first place to actually to test detect it. And so, I think it's somewhat ironic and also quite predictable that the person who has tested positive for this new variant was already doubled, activated buck. And so, to the point that we were making earlier. I think it's important to acknowledge that so far. There does appear to be significant protection from Death Or hospitalization for people who are vaccinated. But in terms of actually spreading this virus, there's a lot of studies out there. Now that are showing that the vaccine doesn't seem to restrict any more of the spread of the virus than four people who are unvaccinated. And let's just be very clear about what is being said right now. She's still up there doing is fauci routine in the White House West Wing. As we're speaking to you and we're seeing I can see the the transcript and real-time, you know, they closed captioning so I can get a sense that if we're discussing this and first of all, I thought I was passing there was there was a question play. That was I will if it turns out that only cron is less than you take away from anything, what happened with the Spanish Spanish? Influenza. It went through a couple of Cycles were actually got it. Got worse in the second wave and then throw away was pretty. The second wave. That it evolved into something else and it just actually went away. Right? So it it it does happen. If Isis can become less lethal through and they tend to do that. Ron is effectively. And I'm not saying this is the case with the early indicators are more akin to a but the early indicators are people have symptoms or no symptoms for a day or two. If it were served to question that was posed in the West Wing from trying to get you here. If that is the case, that it is less dangerous. Will. Then why should we take all these restrictive measures to try to stop a less dangerous version, the virus from spreading pretty freely, which maze in that again, essentially paraphrasing. What a journalist asked me to go, wouldn't that be better than Delta? Which we know can still be very dangerous to the falchi was like that's basically said that show Dangerous, nobody who knows that the demonology, whatever support that I mean, I know doctors were epidemiologist who I think would actually say that. That's an interesting assuming the date is in showing it at substantially less dangerous. Cuz then you would have natural immunity from something that's much less dangerous than adult a variant. You'd want to out complete the Delta drain. It just instincts. I bring it up. Like he just misses it outright and they're telling us to get the shot. When the reason for getting the shot is a variant that they are also telling us may, and I'm quoting invade some of the vaccine immunity. So, and it's something that we talked about on this show. I think it's important to acknowledge because a lot of people out there, every time they hear variant, or they hear mutation the expectation, is it makes things worse. Oftentimes. Actually, that cannot be true. It can make a virus much less dangerous with the mutations in the variation patient. Sounds very right. It comes in with the clipboard. Your your freak out understandably. And and by the way, the other thing that we've been saying on this show that is going to be proven true. Although it has not been officially proven true yet. Dr. Fauci was just asked if two shots is still considered fully vaccinated. He says, yes, but that could change. Let me tell you one hundred percent and what will be fascinating. And I almost want to bookmark, this play this part of the discussion cuz it's a big bin of Clan. But if I remember correctly, you were very concerned in July with Delta person coming out and created a huge surgeon cases that we suffer through this as well as the vaccines losing. Advocacy. Is there something else? Is it a mutation? What's causing this right now? I think we can look for it at 3 reasonably, understand Indian. This goes in the clan Baka, right? B. A We're right on this one. They did the same way that there is now, a, a culture of distain from the top of the US government, for the unvaccinated that will be transposed onto the on boostered. Just wait till January, folks. All of a sudden. It'll be. Why aren't you getting the booster? What's wrong with you? Why don't you care about people? Why do you want grandparents to die? Do it sets, right side, the whole thing. All over again right now. We would never do that. The boosters a choice. Let's see where we are in the middle of January when it comes to boosters because this is just it's never enough. You never messed up enough. You never get enough shots. You never. I mean, to have, we stopped the virus with all the things we've already done right now. Look at the numbers is, Delta started to rise up. You looked at the data in England, you looked at the date and Israel. And you said this is ominous, right? That's a conversation that we were having. Right now as we've been doing the show Vermont, which is one of the most vaccinated states in the entire country. Just hit an all-time high for covid hospitalizations. And the reason why I want to bring up a Statewide Vermont, we got a lot of listeners in Vermont for shit. You guys is because they're doing everything that the Biden White House has. Told us we have to do to protect ourselves and they're still setting an all-time high right now as we speak for hospitalizations and covid infection in August, when you're actually like a holistic practitioner of to do something. How much more infections are we even really be spreads in aerosol form through casual contact. I remember cuz I was making fun of how stupid the test and Trace program was in June of 2020 in New York City. By the way. Another Buck was right column because it was absurd right. You're saying you had to be in close contact with someone for 6 to 12 minutes to get infected close contact confined space 6 to 12 minutes. That was pretty Delta. Then they'll become my gosh, casual contact aerosol. I mean is this how much how much more transmissible? Could I ask that question? I don't know why people and you start to wonder how much more transmissible to Delta couldn't even really be. And then you also get into fauci saying, I'm not completed two months after the shot. I'm supposed to get booster. I mean, you've got to be kidding me. That's my sister. You're eligible. Okay. Well, it gets really scared and wants to avoid it, which I'm not sure. What the heck is that? A 60-day Zach's. Senior kidding me. They found two different guys, who ended up getting the virus that never came in contact with each other quarantining in a hotel on opposite sides of the hallway. So to answer your question on, how transmissible could this be? If those guys are representative of that overall transmissibility. In other words, you're quarantining in your room. He's quarantining in his room. These are two doctors on opposite sides of the hallway. They both ended up testing positive. They never came in contact with each other. They only open their door to be given food. So it was Airborne moving somehow through the ventilation system from one hotel room to another clay. They didn't mask up between B, that's what you were leaving out of this equate. That's what happened. That's great point I said before, it's still true, owning gold is all about protection. You want to protect the value of your hard-earned dollars sitting in your savings account whenever from a gallon of gas to the house sold down the street. The value of your dollars is shrinking and protects your savings account, and there's a newer benefit too, and that's being delivered to your home and holding your hand before you safely stored away. It's a life event McCall that are friends of the Oxford, Gold group make all that happen. They did it for me and for tens of thousands of others this year. So do you think has complicated my friends at the Oxford Group or who you need to call having your home or having real gold as part of their Ira? Just a phone call away with Oxford gold call, Nate 33404 gold and learn how you can have real gold in your IRA and delivered to your door that the Oxford Gold group at 83340 for gold. A 33404 g o l d. The division will text you in a bit and big Tech is hiding from you, like, massive stories that actually affect you in your life that they don't want you to see because they make the left in the body Administration, look bad, when I was a podcast dedicated to exposing all of that each and every day. So download the fastest-growing podcast and I can serve the Ben Ferguson Show podcast right now. That's right. You can listen to Ben Ferguson Show podcast on iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcast download it right now. The answer is yes, because you know that the new the new regulation if you want to call it, that is that anybody and everybody is coming into the country needs to get a test. Within 24 hours of getting on the plane to come here. What about people? Who don't take a plane in just these border crossers coming in, huge numbers to with regard to protection at the border. So they're our protections at the border that you don't have the capability as you know, if somebody getting on a plane getting checked, looking at a passport, we don't have that there but we can get some degree of mitigation. You bring something to do to somewhere else. Welcome back to tap dance. They're going to have everybody tested before they come into the US were after they enter the US. Depending except for the southern border. All the sudden, it turns into blah, blah cetera, at cetera, under some circumstances title 42 play. I know border. Patrol agents on a contact with people died on the border and guess what? They're not testing everybody at the border for covid. They're certainly not vaccinating. Everybody at the border who wants to come into the country right now. So that's one part and showing everybody what is really bad. Who is really about, and he also declined to comment on New York's decision, which I mentioned earlier in the show today to postpone. Elective surgeries. The quote was, I really don't want to comment on situations and individual states because there are so many factors from state-to-state that are different. And quote, anyone see this guy as a political hack is willfully blind because he has ripped States, like, Florida and Texas. Yep, which have made decisions that are uniquely grounded in what's going on inside of their states. And also Buck. I just want to make it clear for everybody out there to understand how much of a hypocrite fauci Is On the Border in particular when it comes to testing what's going on right now. Under these new rules is if you and your family go down to Mexico, You go to Cabo, you go to Cozumel you go to Cancun. When you go on a cruise in order to come back into the country from Mexico. For instance. You have to prove that you don't have covid-19. Merican citizen. You are having to test if you sneak across the border illegally and enter into this country. There is no requirement whatsoever, that you be tested. Similarly. If you are working at a place with over 100 employees, Joe, Biden is saying you have to be vaccinated. We are mandating it. But if you are one of these illegal immigrants coming into the country, there's no requirement whatsoever for you to be vaccinated. There's no mandated place for you. So we're talking about American citizens being put through expectations, protocols hurdles that we're not even requiring. Illegal immigrants to follow through, it seems backward. If you were going to be honest in your policies, wouldn't you want non-citizens to have more stringent requirements and citizens? Of course, they don't know what the reality of Omicron is in terms of transmissibility and lethality. So how is it reasonable to block Hospital surgeries, elective a men's right now? It's absolutely nothing else. He's a bureaucrat on a coward. He always has been It's time for you to save a lot of money out there. How about $12,000 thousand dollars a month to you and your family. How much could be able to skip a couple of mortgage payment? Maybe at the end of the year to get your financial house in order holidays around the corner? Everybody's trying to save money. You're probably going to end up spending more than you anticipated. How about putting your financial house in order right now with a great new mortgage through American financing is 777-8109. That's 800-777-8109. Or you can visit americanfinancing.net Animal last 18 to 334 nmls consumer access that organ. You can save a bundle. Get your phone's in your hands right now. This is easy. I want you to save $12,000 before the new year, begins call American financing, 800-777-8109 800-777-8109. What about you in clay? Travis Buck Sexton show, preciate all of you hanging out with us frenzy of news. Today of a variety of interesting perspectives. We've got the abortion case, Mississippi, 15 weeks. What is going to be the legal standard for abortion in the country is Roe v Wade. In KC Planned Parenthood, V. Casey going to be overturned, are they, we talked with Shannon bream in an hour to. We probably will not know the answer to that question until according to her late June, but the questions and the discussion today. Approaching 2 hours in generation was fascinating. If you are at all intrigued by what the wall is surrounding abortion, we have the first case of Omicron in the United States has been found in California for dr. Fauci, and it's been found in individual. Go figure that had already been double vaccinated. And so how widely will that spread that individual had travelled from South Africa on November 22nd tested positive for this new variant of the virus on November 29th that has been both of those stories. A major point of discussion surrounding surrounding the case, fauci answered. A lot of questions about what exactly full vaccinations is going to be considered and that is worth discussing as well. But I want to hit a couple of things here that I think are significant about what's going on. There was a shooting in in Michigan, and if you remember, three kids were killed, there's a lot of attention. Every time that there is a shooter. We got a lot of listeners in Michigan. This is Oxford, Michigan. My wife's home county of Oak. Owen County and I want to make sure that we always on this show. Give credit Credence to the people who are heroes and are standing up and defending others and there was a kid in Oxford. Michigan buck named Tate Meyer. He was a standout, High School football player and wrestler. He charged the kid that 15 year old who was shooting at the school was killed himself in the process. Defending other students inside of his school. I don't believe in typically sharing Mass Shooters names because especially in the school settings. It seems that the data reflects that encourages kids to do that because they want the attention, they want the, the infamy. But I do believe that all of us should when we have the opportunity stand up and salute. Those of us, particularly young kids 16 year old tape Meijer credit to his family credit to him. For combating this shooter saving lives and putting his own life at risk. Buck. I know you feel the same way. I feel, oftentimes, we focus too much on people who have done wrong, and not enough on the true heroes Among Us. So thank you to take Mayer from Oxford, Michigan for what he did, in an incredibly difficult situation at his school yesterday. Just see where is breaking news. Clay on that case that the suspect was 15 years old. So we know his name, they're keeping his name is cuz because he's a minor he's been charged with one count of terrorism in four counts of first-degree murder. Just now that's that has been breaking news last couple of moments in the Michigan school shooting. I totally agree with you. By the way, though, and the heroism and those are names that we should know the people that actually in that moment of sheer Terror and and malevolence decided to hold the line decided that they would stand up and, and do what they could to try to save lives. How many instances even if the person they're trying to Kalihi is going to give us their life in that process? It's hard to even gauge how many other lives may have been saved by slowing the shooter down. Even like changing their calculation of their thinking. So bravery in those moments, should always be something that we remember and that we honor. And for those of you who are active on social media. I started doing this years ago because of the day, I try not to share school shooter names. I don't think we should really do it on this show. Be my, my position, my argument, because the data has reflected that many of those School shooters are motivated by their desire for infamy. So, it's 15 year old kid, but I do want to share The Bravery of people who are standing up to them. Another bit of Bravery that I wanted to head back in. This news, just came down the WTA, the women's tennis Association. They have pulled all of their events from China. Over This Woman's tennis player in China, who accused a prominent Communist Party, official of sexual. They then basically scrubbed her from all existence in China. This is an incredibly brave and strong stand, particularly with the Winter Olympics, scheduled for Beijing. And a couple of months. The WTA has done what the NBA was unwilling to do and they have pulled all of their events out of China over the Communist Party decision to basically hide disappear, this woman who had accused a prominent Communist Party, official of sexual assault. So both of those stories have have come down in the last little bit. I want to make sure that we mentioned both because you really don't see a lot of companies. In fact, what you see is a different direction of the tech giant Apple refused still refuse to say, work with the US military on artificial intelligence or defense contracts that have to do with defending America, but then they'll bow down and do whatever they have to do to get a Access to China. We see the the seat of the opposite happening on a regular basis of what we'd like to see, which is people standing up for China policy. And American companies will have a problem with what we do. But very rarely do. You see anyone who's willing to risk the bottom line here? So, I'm credit to the credits in the WTA. Other organizations companies multinationals will say, it is time to hold China to account on this stuff. Because, you know, just wait around and goes after places based on their bottom line. They also can be pushed and there are pressure, that can be brought to bear to the Chinese Communist party yet. Not going to be a flourishing, Jeffersonian democracy. Tomorrow could be a better place than it is. And did you see what Disney did on the opposite side? They pulled a Simpsons episode out of Hong Kong that reference Tiananmen Square. So, The Simpsons had a, we go to China and visit episode and they had reference the fact that that have been scrubbed from every Where in China Disney on their new Disney plus service? Does not allow you to watch that episode in Hong Kong, which is the exact opposite of what the WTA is doing. Being willing to stand up and speak out speak, truth to power, speaking of speaking truth to power. How about my Glendale? He doesn't care what anyone says about him. He's going to say exactly what he believes. He's going to speak his truth. And he also has an incredible company. And right now, my quindell is offering my pillows. The ones that started it all lowest price ever. You get a standard my pillow for 1998 there. Originally 6998. That's a $50 savings with the promo code clay and but King pillow, only $10 more. And right now there's a money back guarantee until March 1st of next year. So you have no risk at all. Buck. How do you get hooked up? So easy folks? Just go to my pillow.com, click on the radio. And enter promo code clay and box or call 800-792-3269 for mypillow.com cooking, a special to enter promo code, clay and box. Where can just call 807-923-2690 find amazing offer. But rotating discounts on 150, plus my pillow products of Giza dream, sheets and mattress, topper slippers and more. Go check it out today. Sexy. I can't answer that right now, but I know that for the time being the official definition of fully vaccinated is to change the kitchen. Yes. I think it almost certainly will change. Welcome back to play and talk to you on the phone and the fact that it will change to fully vaccinated including being required to have a booster to be fully back side either. I'm soaked at the new electric scooter over that one. My friend. That's a right to pass on that one. So, I was out to dinner for my brother's birthday wheel birthday cakes. In Midtown, busy block twice lights because you just go to the bike lane and some people may be a bit of traffic laws will go through red lights if there's no cars out, of course, I'm safe, but I'm just saying it was, it was there or not? That long. I was like an hour 15 minutes, how to draw a locked up and someone just someone who knows. You have a good night later. I think I was still engaged. I think what they managed to do is sometimes I'll take out of the handle off of it or they'll just order keep me know. Trying to manipulate the sky. It's kind of a situation. It's kind of this rubber hose. That's you know, meant to keep you from stealing your anyway. I'm the scooter was like less than three hundred bucks to something that's been going 7 mph, or just his teeth. Chattering, from how cold he was on the scooter. You know, that you're at a restaurant steakhouse. I'm assuming it's a decent place. Right? Could they have video footage of your scooter and be able to, like actually investigate? It was actually write underwear a hotel that clearly had video footage of it cuz they had cameras pointing out for the street and I went and talked to security and they said we have to go to police to file, police report and then come here. And then the police can tell it. I was like, it's footage of the sidewalk guys. I'm not asking you to show me, you've been internal stuff, they wouldn't do it. So I was just curious if that point yet. I mean, I'm assuming it's somebody who has a mask because that's not if they're not going to have their best guys working around the clock, on this one, the case of the missing. Eat a scooter unlikely that they took your scooter and immediately put it in a car where you could see, for instance, a license plate and be like, oh, that idiot enough to do that. Well, this is what people actually, I don't know, take a van or a truck as I as I've been told and I'll just go around enough with the brake bike locks and break. Now scooters, another everywhere and also people have these, like a wheel that you'll stand on a describe a very well. It's like a unit like a high-tech unicycle thing, but they just legalize the electric scooters in New York in the last year. So they're all over the place now and yeah scooters gone man. Scooters gone is this. That is a sad day for when I got to walk like a civilian. I'm a longer part of the Scooter Elite. I see the scooter in the background, got sad for me to do. You know, I just walk around like a normal person. So it is what it is. Honestly, thank you. Wear a helmet and I would touch my swoop of hair and say this is my helmet and they stopped think it was funny about like the tenth time. And then also, I was like, maybe I should wear a helmet. And then you look for me, then I would, of course, by the way, where, how about all the time, because I'm safety. First guy here, and I were two, masts, in a public safety message, wear your helmet on your scooter scooters. Guys, I'm told by the street, I should be quick. But I want to tell you, I love the show and I would you honor this time slot. Number one is okay, viruses that are respiratory. Never go away. That's why we've had the common code for hundreds of years of what Influenza every year. There's another version of it. They constantly, you say, you will never eradicate them. Okay? In general, though, when they replicate, as long as they're not engineered, they tend to be less Vero. Okay, they're spread more consoles at the top of the hour. You may be something like that. The second point is that this narrative that the world is at risk of dying from this. In general, the general population, does another missing that narrative has really been controlled to scare everyone into it. That's the falchi in his speeches. Talk about that. Part of the population in looking into do you know, root cause of the death than you realize babies? Not as many as we think. So, I think about those two Thomas. It squares with a lot of what we've said, we don't pretend to be epidemiologist. But what buck and I think we do a pretty good job of is looking at the data and sharing it with you as honestly and transparently as we can. And that's what we try to do every single day on that. We're always just collecting what is being said by experts. What the numbers that ever agrees? Are the official numbers at least what they're telling us. But also want a policy level in. This is where I think people often get confused as they will have to Listen to fauci Without. You can tell you what the wash it with this stuff Omicron. Right now, can't tell you very much at all about the numbers but he can say this is how many factions this is. So, you know what we stood, where we think it's spread, but when it comes to shut down schools, that's a political question people that are in elected office that make determinations about balancing, whether your kids should be in school. And this is what's been lost. Here is the notion of an expert class that is, essentially this Sliding mechanism onto itself, not the way, our system is supposed to work, and because we've seen it so much territory to those individuals and to what I call the apparatus or fauci ISM, what we've seen is that? There's no accountability because they'll just do things and then when we say, hold on a second, that's not what you said or you are wrong. They're trying to say when I was telling you to do something else, shut up peasant. That's basically what we've been dealing with Itachi from a 2 years now. It's so well, sad, because what we effectively elect people for in theory, should be there were bility to make decisions and instead of saying, oh, this person is a scientific expert, I'm going to do exactly what they say. A person who is using sound, judgment would analyze multiple competing experts, right? Because the idea that there is one scientific gold standard for every single decision is the antithesis of science science is about rigorous debate here. All of those debates. And then make a choice on a political perspective. The, by the way back, then allow us to determine whether or not they made the right decision. That's the point of electoral politics. If you have unelected bureaucrats, like dr. Fauci, driving, all of the decisions that are being made. We don't really have any ability to render a verdict on fauci. That's what's so terrifying to me about the power that he has. What do you like Joe Biden, or like Donald Trump or like, whoever the president is or your Senator, or congressperson you have the ability to weigh in every couple of years in an election. What can we do to hold? Dr. Fauci accountable for his poor decision? The really awful part of this as well as that the politicians because they cheated The Authority. They just they all. I'm just doing the fauci tells me you accountable, cuz you're just asking. What are you going to do about it? So that's not the way, the System supposed to work on policy decisions. And let me let you see. I'm a, I'm home. Pull that the whole world is not particularly and unless transmissible will find that out in the next couple of weeks. From the meantime play. We did a lot today on the Supreme Court oral arguments on the Mississippi abortion. Restriction, that law tomorrow. We have governor of Mississippi joining us here on the show. We're looking for that interview and I would even say about there's a connection there between fauci ice and what happened with abortion in the same way because when the supreme court sweeps in and makes a political decision, one of the reasons why the fight become so contentious, it's because people can't make their own choices because judges did it instead. We'll talk about all that more tomorrow or take Reeves. Will join us in Mississippi. Thanks for hanging with play Bacha. You're listening to on the eib network. Did you know, I want to know what a house full of family and lots of laughs covid-19 has changed how we live and how we feel. But now, there are vaccines and they are the very first step that let us get back to what we miss most. It's okay to have questions. Now, get the facts visit get vaccine answers.org so you can make an informed decision when vaccines are available to you, brought to you by the Ad Council. Have you ever wondered what the media and Big Jack is hiding from you? Like a massive stories that actually affect you in your life that they don't want you to see because they make the left in the B Administration. Look bad, when I was a podcast, dedicated to exposing all of them. Each and every day. So download the fastest-growing podcast in the conservative movement. The Ben Ferguson Show podcast right now. That's right. You can listen to Ben Ferguson Show podcast on iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcast. Download it right now.